Under no circumstances should anything from our ancient past be kept hidden from
the public. However,
the never before seen photos and video that I'm going to share with,
you will prove that we, the general public have not been shown.
Everything that there is to know you see the great Sphinx of Giza Egypt has long
been subject of debate with many theories,
suggesting that there are perhaps secret tunnels and chambers located within an
under this mysterious ancient archeological site between legends of the
so-called hall of records or the modern scientific data,
which has identified possible chambers that are under and within the Sphinx.
And even this notable off limits passage located at the back end of the
monument,
which has long generated intense desire by many to know what's down there.
You see this was discovered and excavated in the 1970s by world renowned
Egyptologists, Zahid [inaudible] and mark Lainer. In fact, real quick,
you have to see the short clip about it.
It began with an old worker who remembered a secret tunnel in the Sphinx is rum.
They removed a single stone from just to the left of the sphinxes tail.
And sure enough,
we saw this path going down in and under this things.
They descended into the shop.
Of course we didn't know where it was going to go.
And so three weeks I spent down in the darkness
underneath the grades things.
We so should everywhere,
but there is nothing hidden underneath.
So just to clarify,
they spent an entire three weeks excavating an empty tunnel.
So this is the part where things get weird,
because you should know that these still images from the clip you just saw are
quite literally the only examples of this tunnel that have been ever made
available to the public and notice that they do not show where that tunnel goes.
And in fact, we see nothing more than the entrance of the tunnel itself,
but not only that,
the original 16 page report on the excavation of this tunnel only includes these
pictures and illustrations that you're seeing here. This is it.
And half of them are from outside of the Sphinx. But so what I mean,
they assured us that there's nothing down there anyways, right?
We so should every everywhere,
but it is nothing hidden underneath.
Whoa, wait a second. Oh, what was that last part? He said.
But there is nothing hidden underneath nothing hidden
underneath, underneath, underneath.
Nothing hidden underneath. Well,
those words are about to become quite interesting,
especially the underneath part.
Now I can neither confirm nor deny were these photos or videos I'm about to
share with you came from, but I can say with absolute truth that no,
this is not me and no,
I did not take any of the photos or videos that you're about to see nor was I in
the country of Egypt when they were taken, however,
a few brave and cunning men took great risk to climb down into the back end of
the Sphinx at a moment when the overseeing Egyptian authorities were
preoccupied,
these gentlemen only had a few seconds before they were ultimately caught.
However, the photos and short video clips successfully made it out.
So first things first,
let me play the two video clips before I show you the photos as the video clips
will set the stage for what the pictures are going to reveal to all of us.
[Inaudible].
Now real quick.
I removed just a few seconds of the clip to conceal this man's identity,
but here are the last few seconds.
No, no.
And as you could probably tell that is when they were caught. Now,
here is the second clip,
which is of the second gentleman who was already down in the second tier at the
same time as the other man was climbing down as you just saw.
Okay. So that's the good end
here we are under the Spanx and one of the forbidden holes.
Down.
No, obviously the video was recorded in great haste and doesn't show us a lot.
However, there are a few important details that we just learned,
but let me first point out that you cannot see the entrance of this tunnel when
looking down from the outside of the Sphinx,
as it's below the first tier and too far to the left.
Another thing we observed is that we never had witnessed where this tunnel goes
or what it even looks like within it, but it is indeed a dead end.
So when [inaudible] was said, there is nothing underneath,
he was apparently telling the truth, at least at this particular location,
but this is where things get very interesting because he did not say anything
about there being nothing inside of the Sphinx and the photos you're going to
see next are of a previously unknown tunnel that proceed up and inside
of the Sphinx itself.
And these images are the first ever of their kinds to be seen by the public or
even posted to the internet. For that matter. In fact,
I have waited and many others have waited years to see what these photos are
about to reveal to us first, notice this frame here,
which is from the last few moments of the prior clip,
you see that this is a second tunnel that goes up and in and is facing towards
the front of the Sphinx or to the east.
This is something that you can not see from the outside of the Sphinx,
either as it is too high and too far in to be observed,
even if you're peaking your head in from the outside passage.
And thankfully this cunning gentlemen captured a three photos of this second
tunnel and you can see straight inside of it,
which is a passage that proceeds up and towards the front of the Sphinx and has
quite literally been boarded up.
And I have to say that the first thing I thought of when I saw these photos is
the ground radar image here,
which identifies two possible cavities within the Sphinx,
which are in the same direction that this boarded up tunnel proceeds.
Unfortunately,
we cannot see much that is beyond the boards and I can not tell which direction
it goes from there.
Perhaps it proceeds into a second tier above or another direction.
We just can't tell.
But what I do know is that this particular tunnel was not shown or discussed by
the world's two most renowned Egyptologists,
where they specifically stated that there is nothing underneath yet.
They mentioned nothing in reference to tunnels within the Spanx itself.
Perhaps this would explain why they spent an entire three weeks exploring the
bowels of the Sphinx, which we can now see includes far more than just an empty,
dead end tunnel. And you know,
all of this becomes even more interesting when we consider that there is another
vertical shaft at the top of the Sphinx.
This is something that I discussed in a video a few years ago,
but as you can see here,
Zahid wasps himself shows us a trapdoor on the sphinxes back,
which drops straight down yet. You simply cannot see where it goes from there,
but something is now telling me that is likely connects to the hidden tunnel,
which we now know leads in the same direction.
And for whatever it's worth Zahi claimed again,
that there is nothing down here either just as he claimed that there is nothing
under the Sphinx.
But I have to say that I am not at all convinced about that as ground radar has
shown multiple anomalies. As you can see from these examples here,
which are located under the Sphinx towards the backend,
as well as under the sphinxes left pot or right pause, you're facing it.
But although these photos and videos are shared with you today,
leave us with many unanswered questions.
I have to say that I am thrilled to have personally witnessed and been able to
share these details with you.
And if you're wondering why others haven't successfully snuck down into this
passage and captured pictures or videos sooner,
it's related to the fact that this entire area around the Sphinx is off limits.
And this you have special access permission,
which costs thousands of dollars and is overseen by tour guides and armed guards
at all times.
Everyone else is only able to view the sings from the top of its enclosure,
but make no mistake.
Every one of us has an inherent rights as people to see and know the details of
our lost ancient past. I don't like secrets.
And the reality is that all of us have been kept in the dark on the prior
excavations into the great Sphinx.
And regardless if you are a proponent of the academic narrative and alternative
ancient history enthusiasts,
a history professor and archeologist or believer in ancient aliens,
the one thing that we all have in common is that we can now see that all of us
have not shown everything that there is to see or be aware of.
Even if this tunnel goes absolutely nowhere,
nothing was ever found inside of it.
We can't necessarily take that in good faith since we haven't been included in
all the details along the way, because let's not forget.
And so three weeks I spent down in the darkness
underneath the great Sphinx.
We so should every word,
but there is nothing hidden underneath.
A whole three weeks, which was done in secrecy with a literal shroud concealing,
the excavation the entire time,
all of us owe a great bit of gratitude to the brave gentlemen that took the risk
to climb down into the Sphinx.
So we were able to see what we were today and become aware of the details that
we now know. And, you know, it's interesting,
I've been long making the case that there truly is a mystery to our lost ancient
past something that many people have adamantly denied.
But how can anyone say that any longer when it's now apparent that there are
quite literally areas they have never knew existed and of all places at one of
the most famous ancient sites on earth.
And do you know what else these are not the only secrets that's been kept from
the public involving ancient Egypt? I do have more to share. However,
those are worthy of videos of themselves. So stay tuned for that.
But all of that said the powers that be within Egypt shall release all photos
and videos of what's inside these tunnels. Because if nothing else,
even if there's nothing to see,
it will still bring positive light and in something fun and exciting to look at
to the tourism industry within Egypt itself and to the millions and millions of
people that follow this fun topic from around the world that said, I'm Jimmy,
my channel is called bright insight,
leave a comment and share what your thoughts are on all of this.
It is quite an interesting topic. Also follow me on Instagram.
And if you're interested in supporting me in my endeavors,
help support me on Patrion as well.
I'll leave links to both in the pinned comment down below, but anyways,
I'll close it up there. Thanks for watching. Take care, everyone.